It is everyone Hello wave
Sly 2014's a dove theme is
What is Kedomo to say the oldies to
Today I would like to introduce the cherry blossom series of Sly Jeans among others I bought too
It is an old series skirt
Because I am 168 cm tall
And I bought the size of the matter F
Which slim is this much
It is a high waist ankle slim developed here
Ui Azusa and Kedomo I know Sly jeans that this force is in I can also be the god of thunder view
Process up to
I went to the factory made by hand of craftsmen one by one in Made in Japan
I will
True
I went to see the factory for 3 days, but I thought that Japanese technology was great.
Also it also 1 placed I has become a simple processing of the summit date
Enjoy yourself in the stomach
Such as that trying to make a single denim to dress the world in my own way
I say grow even under
It will be jins How to join and save How to enter the beard etc
The way of sunburn has also changed, but most stores have completely lost after being released in August
But
Also, since we are planning stock I think that Itadaitara come to see us
This Old Heimes
And Uncle 3 Dreams Farewell
It became one with the making picture and the finished picture which are divided and sunk separately
It is a movie , so please take a look
arrival
Huh yes
Six
Ee' Hi
Hmm
Ah ah ah ah
rar
ni
Ah
Hmm
can you do
of where goods
me
Hmm
goo
Yeah yeah yeah
rar
5 minutes
Ah ah ah ah
Hen
can she came
Hey
Ah ah ah ah
Wave Concern
To cute
What will you do
It is a good hey entered
How was the movie throughout the year, please grow only one jeans in the world
And by all means follow so we Moya' e static grams twitter
Please give me
Please register your channel
Then it is good with another update